Fix broken link -hotfix (#2927)
astronomer/docs: learn/cloud-ide-tutorial.md

(Optional) To complete steps [11](#step-11-optional-connect-your-github-to-the-astro-cloud-ide) - [14](#step-14-optional-run-your-dag-on-astro) at the end of this tutorial, you will also need:

> - An Astro Deployment in your Workspace. See [Create a Deployment](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/develop-project#create-an-astro-project).

Author: ```suggestion
- An Astro Deployment in your Workspace. See [Create a Deployment](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/get-started-cli#step-1-create-an-astro-project).
```
